README.md, before:

# printingtimefilegcode

This python script takes gcode files generated by Cura, Simplify or other like Slic3r inside a directory and renames the files with the format: xxHxxM to know the estimated time of printing directly in the name of your file.

This is very useful when you plan some gcodes inside your 3D printer and, some months ago, you want to print these files but you don't remember how much time it will take.


<a href="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QMcQnE6nsbU">Youtube video demo</a>

Made by Julian Caro Linares: jcarolinares@gmail.com

This program can estimate the printing time (no generated cura gcode files) using the program gcoder.py that belongs to the project Printrun-More info at https://github.com/kliment/Printrun/blob/master/printrun/gcoder.py

You can also put the time after the name using the command "-after"

Example:

./printing_time_file.py -after /home/user

=============

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Licencia Creative Commons" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">Printing time file</span> por <span xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" property="cc:attributionName">Julián Caro Linares</span> licensed by <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.<br /><br />

Commit message:

Now you can know the total cost of the renamed files

README.md, after:

# printingtimefilegcode

This python script takes gcode files generated by Cura, Simplify or other like Slic3r inside a directory and renames the files with the format: xxHxxM to know the estimated time of printing directly in the name of your file. It also show the cost of each printing and the total cost of the renamed files

This is very useful when you plan some gcodes inside your 3D printer and, some months ago, you want to print these files but you don't remember how much time it will take.


<a href="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QMcQnE6nsbU">Youtube video demo</a>

Made by Julian Caro Linares: jcarolinares@gmail.com

This program can estimate the printing time (no generated cura gcode files) using the program gcoder.py that belongs to the project Printrun-More info at https://github.com/kliment/Printrun/blob/master/printrun/gcoder.py

You can also put the time after the name using the command "-after"

Example:

./printing_time_file.py -after /home/user

To calculate the total cost of the renamed files use the command "-cost":

Example:

./printing_time_file.py -cost


=============

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Licencia Creative Commons" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">Printing time file</span> por <span xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" property="cc:attributionName">Julián Caro Linares</span> licensed by <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.<br /><br />
